don't don't do that
doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo what do you know
[Music]
hey yes never mentioned it takes like
forever to restart my modem it does so
let's hope that fixes the problem
because well it didn't
definitely the strap frames there this
is why I don't stream these hours you
can't set anyone ever wonders why this
is why I do not stream at these hours
normally I want to lower the bitrate by
a thousand but I don't think that's
gonna help considering the fact that it
just straight up goes to zero completely
it's not like I can't stay up there it
just goes straight to zero it's really
silly but I lowered it by about a
thousand so let's see if that works and
shit
I like the stream time it's 2025 here
well it's not a bad stream time it's
just well it's very hit-or-miss for me
I always had issues during these hours
when I was streaming video games and
such usually anyway it's very common
is it a twitch traffic problem are
shitty American ISP problem huh No who
really knows I don't know shit
hmm
so I'm gonna give it another minute or
two here we'll give it actually will
give it until this is 4:30 and then
we're gonna see if we dropped any frames
in that span of three minutes and we'll
see what we'll see what goes down we'll
see if we'll be fine if we don't lose
any frames within three minutes then
good if anyone's wondering with the
average frame rate loss of a stream is
the general a night stream we stream for
about eight plus hours I maybe would
lose probably sixteen
I'd say 16 frames over the course of
eight hours that's not bad at all
cuz in case you don't know 16 frames one
second is 60 frames so losing 16 frames
over the course of eight hours is
nothing but it says so much when you
losing frames as opposed to it
completely drops I'm trying to tell you
about it don't don't worry don't worry
so easily yeah 16 frames is enough
laughing and Dragonite by the way thank
you as well as on earth player stumpy
Steph fluff crying bugs zukie Pino
nutricai derp
Darth toasty and open door thank you
guys so we have another minute and 30
seconds it's looking good so far don't
know if I'm gonna do this song that we
normally start the stream off with
considering we've already had a bit of a
bumpy start shit I normally like to
start these little solo streams off with
a jam so we can build up the intensity
and me the emotions and chat but don't
don't see that being necessary this time
around oh well that's fine that's fine
we have another minute to go looking
good though
as your frames lost in the meantime we
could just I don't know oh shit maybe
head over here check out the sights get
us some relax thank you as well as Stowe
attic Isabel is angry angry I'm sorry
and Latvian Dragonite thank you
what resumed that they were doing hand
of fate to developers sent me a free
copy of the video game to play early
whenever I wanted and I'm like oh fuck
yeah dude because I loved the first game
the first game was one of my favorite
games I would love to play this game
they mentioned it has wait your mic
quality is with lower than usual hmm I
think because of the audio setup you let
angel here last night do you think so
hmm I don't think it would affect it no
it's not it's fine your mic is fine yeah
I don't see how my mic will be affected
that's strange like sensor ok everyone
else is saying it sounds fine ok yeah
it's all good it's all good but for 30 0
frames have been dropped guys did you
know who did this neon screen yes Chrome
fell you can look it up on um this Steam
Workshop for wallpaper engine it's also
there it's very very nice he does a lot
of 3d art like this it's really cool
stuff but guys hand of fate - I want to
play it so bad ones only it's so bad I'm
gonna do it I'm gonna do it we're just
gonna we're just gonna we're gonna we're
gonna we're gonna do it Barney
can't wait for you to throw your headset
again trihard did I throw my headset I
don't remember
it's been a long time since we played
the first hand of fate did I throw my
headset I mean I do remember I did get
pretty angry a hand of fate but it was
it it was still a great game but thank
you though
I did I'm sorry
apparently I did shit well fuck what was
the context I wonder
what did you find your took a tweet
video it's called um Friday the 31st I
think it was a Halloween horror short
from a movie
was uh Netflix actually horrible film
actual movie of the word because it was
the movie itself is a culmination of a
bunch of different Halloween shorts and
further 31st was the name of the short
in the movie they don't remember the
name of the movie
either way the movie is not good but
that's probably my favorite part
what is Hanna fate best way to describe
it is can't but hopefully understand the
blast bosses context oh right that's
true they said okay so they did ask of
me to not say or talk about something
let me make sure I check this up first
[Music]
would like me to not mention
we would appreciate if he did not show
or discuss the final boss and the ending
as they want to save surprises for
players come on that's fine
absolutely fine with me just don't talk
about that that's fine
also I don't know if it's in the game
yet but they have twitch integration and
that could be fun that's always fun shit
I don't know if it's gonna be in the
game or they also wanted me to do a
developer my stream with the developer
on Tuesday and I think it would be in
then at least if it's not
it's that be cool I'd like to see that
shit
also a little it's triggered I posted
about this on Twitter and someone was
just like passive-aggressively put
hashtag ad and a common reply I was like
but hashtag ad is when you're paid to do
the stream and it's reserved for
branding deals and he's like but you got
a free copy and you have to change it in
your title and put it up and bring it up
talk about it seriously dude
I'm like what that that's not what
hashtag hat is for hashtag hat is for
when you're paid to do like when you're
paid to do anything for a company you
put hashtag ad I'm not paid they just
gave me the game for free that's not
ashtag ad if you're talking about when
you're supposed to disclose if you got
to give her free I did that in the tweet
but hey I got it's a part of it I don't
know
I gotcha good I hate it when people
don't think I understand what the fuck's
going on oh my god oh my god
[Music]
anyway innovative
it's a gimmick this comes out next week
on the seventh so in five days of it
sorry I got a little a little a little
triggered it affects it so thank you as
well as blue rose uzuki and a Davion
thank you by the way
now let's try this game out
[Music]
I never asked your memories are fading
even now wait is there subtitles yes
yeah gone
to form the soul wait we gotta reset the
game we need subtitles all the time
the game doesn't like beings turned off
so it crashed for a second but that's
okay
this is early access technically it's
find apparently game was a little loud
was the game actually a little loud is
enabled no blood
you don't want blood but we need blood
it was alright it was tiny bit loud -
alright alright well tweak these things
we're here to tweak will be tweakers
don't worry well lower it just a smidge
not a lot 85 as opposed to 100 that
should be fine okay we're keeping the
blood in
[Music]
your memories are fading even now gone
to form the soul of the game we play
these pieces are new as are the stakes
life
and vengeance we must ride for time is
short and you have much to learn
make your first choice and let us set
these wheels in motion once more oh we
get to pick for a mailer these cars
represent your history and our game we
know where they end for you are here
therefore these cards must guide you to
my side let us see what the journey
holds
[Music]
the Foom steps into nothingness because
they know no better in the same way you
must step into the void you are a blank
slate and together we will write your
history
[Music]
can I just say also I noticed something
it's both a wise aesthetical choice as
well as a smart resource saving choice
for them to have that little bit of
cloth over his mouth
to save them from needing to lip-sync
all of these lines he's saying also it
gives him the illusion of mystery very
bright wise choices indeed
you've stumbled many miles through this
forest in search of the thieves who
robbed deal though exhausted and hungry
you are determined to reclaim your
father's amulet you finally catch sight
of the thieves hacking at a large tree
and arguing amongst themselves hold on a
sec before we continue let me see if
there is twitch integration right now I
don't think there is but we could just
check I guess I don't think it is though
this I don't see any actual option for
twitch integration yeah no I can set up
the get another belt for the act darn
music's loud
okay I'll lower it a bit hopefully
that's better for you oh shit I'm sorry
Thank You mr. art as well as I Corrine
and persimmon Delacorte okay no twitch
integration yet but there will be okay
wait till it's safe okay all right
so uh let's eavesdrop
every element of the game has been
improved even those that seemed at first
glance familiar do not worry you will
soon understand the nuances
I remember this shit is it still too
loud alright we'll lower it a bit more
tell me about it
wonder why it's so loud interesting is
that better or is that's the loud thank
you mister kivett as well as a juglans
regia
[Music]
really is it loud like that loud that's
crazy
Justin music alright yeah other slower
the music oh damn it there we go is that
better
[Music]
okay all right we're good now all right
good I'm gonna pick a card now can you
shoot a full game yeah I Candida
I got it sent to me from the devs well
actually no and great not true I cannot
stream or show the final boss or the
ending my bat let me read let me
rephrase that
[Music]
can't show the fuck in the boss so the
ending anything like that or talk about
the ending forgot to state that fact
when I said that I could see but I
consumed until then no prom data yeah
there's some show
don't start the ending it to be fun okay
fucking goddamn it you try to eavesdrop
dude we're already back in the hand of
fake Brian and we're already getting
around the first hooking the first
choice we already feeling ahead alright
we're back we're back to where we once
were the so begins shit you try to use
your out for the conspiring fees but
their voices are muffled in the bushes
you shuffle closer to get a better view
you soon spot a group of farmers coming
around the corner bringing their wares
to market the thieves fell the tree into
the path of the unsuspecting farmers and
leap out weapons brandished give us all
your food leap to the farmers defense
offered to help farmers warning and them
it won't come for free it won't come for
free but I'll help you we have no gold
shrieks the terrified farmers but half
of our crop is yours if you protect us
okay
I could have asked for more it's just
seemly enough you draw your weapon with
practice skill well you the leaders
voice you lads handle this I'll meet you
when you're done the solidus cards nope
this is what it is
violence for the sake of violence and
theft for the sake of mutton thieves
attack frequently and can evade standard
attacks making heavy weapons less
effective shoot balls all right so I
have a finisher weapon ability attack
and defend bash and alight bad guys
feels a lot different in the first game
that way either
it's a little this if you like its
stuttering a bit for you guys for me
it's a little setarrif deal I need this
bad boy it might just be the filament
now because this isn't really accessible
this little study yeah I might need to
tweak some settings
with the Grands dispatch Brigance with a
pod the brigands dispatched the farmers
turned to you I hope your price doesn't
prove too high if the next harvest comes
short will starve regardless
sweet you fall on the food with a sigh
shoveling bread into your mouth to quell
your hunger nice your satisfaction lasts
only a moment before you realize your
father's amulet is not among the takings
oh man
I know it's missing all right let me let
me tweak some settings real quick to see
if I can help this situation hmm wha
let's just set it to maybe oh god every
time I press that it takes it a little
bit here let's just serve as a medium I
guess well actually let's see we'll turn
off death of a few a depth of field
don't really need blooms blooms aren't
that important what is yeah hmm okay I'm
really not sure what this stuff is well
some stuff anyway I really see a vsync
option am i blind was that a display oh
there we go
I think it might have been my issue
because I have g-sync so that might have
been my problem so actually let's just
go right ahead go back to uh what we
were at before when I was oh there's an
ultra setting oh my fuck it let's go
ultra okay so I turn off vsync I might
have to spend a v6 thing I'm pretty sure
I can handle this shit
okay so aid food didn't get my father's
amulet damn their leader must still have
it
you set to your feet determined to find
him
[Music]
so it's adorable while enjoying a moment
of beside the fire you spy a strange
figure approaching your camp
it's a gaba Dresden what must pass for a
goblin finery from beneath a filthy fox
pelts serving as an ill-fitting wig the
Goblin winks at you with wild red eyes
ah hi I've been roaming for hours trying
to find you we must get this over with
quickly if I have any hope of getting to
all the people on my list before sunrise
it lowers a sack from its shoulder now
from within my sack I can conjure
whatever your heart desires
the goblins voice trails off as he
examines his sack well I could if there
wasn't a blooming great big hole in it
his head disappears entirely into the
back and his bulbous nose protrudes from
the breach a new plan then the Goblin
pulls out his last trinkets I can pick
one I would like I want this one
Oh Oh we get so see what they are okay
cool so this is a crit requires six hits
performed a powerful strike that causes
250 weapon damage against corrupted
enemies bash causes additional damage to
armored and uh heavy bash deals
additional damage to armor and enemies
while they block susceptible to evade
not proposed okay critical propos'd
Oh one-handed oh yeah warriors acts
absolutely hell yeah
shield should allow you to parry kiddin
me
use the fence reflect attacks from
ranged go and be a cook with one new
weapon
well that limits me though I would like
to have it soo had a weapon I want to be
a man's man hell yeah let's do it
a wise choice now I must go there are
many others I must visit before I can
rest the Goblin runs off into the night
his Fox wig flapping in the evening
breeze you can change equipment in the
inventory
thanks pal your dad has a token can you
find it I'll try
I remember tokens help you god what do
they do exactly they help you unlock
other cards for your deck right I think
pretty sure it's how it works
yeah but cria doesn't really bother with
game mechanics or tactics are you
kidding me are you kidding me
yeah he's gonna give me them credit your
journey through a forest is interrupted
by an inquisitive chance are you
searching for the forest folk my uncle
says that they used to walk these woods
and giving out gifts I want to find one
and asked him for lemon cake as they
dash off to peer under a nearby log the
child shouts back remember
if you meet the forest folk it's me a
good piece of lemon cake in the other
direction and here he song hangs in the
air
you attempt to find its origin okay
don't fuck this up please go to the
first one come on just one good Jim
fucking look
[Music]
fucking hand of fate man it's you for
two already you spent hours traveling in
circles until night falls friggin and I
Naturals Silex liqueurs nothing could be
more fitting now than meeting the mage
who started this all or at least started
it all for you my fate does suck
a trail of fallen trees and distraught
farmers leads you to the thieves who had
stolen your amulet it seems you're in
there their infighting has only gotten
worse the bandits surround their former
leader weapons you're on
[Music]
everyone won't get that fast shall
there's no need for violence the leader
employers who ever heard of fair or
whoever whoever heard of a thief talk
about fair shares spits one you turn up
and bosses around we barely stab anyone
it's been days it's our staff someone
days the leader notices you approaching
ways you over bars but resides off to
continue this discussion regarding
stabbings I'm afraid I wasn't I
associate out as he greets you you
whispers GP arrived and there would be
plenty of gold for trouble well die gold
cannot replace that wonderful amulet you
stole he holds up a finger
first rule of negotiation never let them
know what you want Phil my associates
and I will gladly return your hammers
ever reliable the thieves draw their
blades to mug you a leader hurries away
to hide give us your stuff and we'll
stab you up grouse is one of them you
consider your options okay you draw your
weapon and prepare to deal with the
mysteries I'm sorry
so uh I should probably change my
inventory so the sweet sweet axe I got
here not even gonna use it because
they're thieves I'm not gonna be able to
hit him cuz he's so fast
he's so quick and fast and nimble also
mixed her death dull and random artists
thanks guys
okay let's do
I told you crap well yeah when I'm not
fighting thieves I'll have a sweet axe
so it told you Cooper jeez have
something I got this I believe in myself
the power of votive compels me
you can't stop what The Rock is cooking
it feels a lot better than the first
game does too
with the battle resolve the Lisa nods in
approval at the carnage before him he
holds out a hand look my name is Malik
lips bad extraordinaire his smiles fades
under your withering glare sensing your
anger he raises his hands and surrender
wait let's not be hasty we're on the
same side here I'm an upstanding citizen
just like you I've been working with the
thieves yes but only for the greater
good no really they were killing people
before I came along I know it seems bad
but look he pulls out an amulets from
his pockets and presses it into your
hands all is forgiven yes you stare at
the amulet it does not look familiar
mm-hmm an eclipse says scratching his
head he opens a small satchel so which
one is yours I want the bird one I mean
look at that bird yeah Lion Pharaoh
bowling a bird oh I want this
yeah
the Eagle emulous but such a very
similar facial structure say you know
what I'm lonely you're lonely we should
work together we should probably get to
know one a little abstain as well going
to be friends for life medical obsess
tell me why are you from
we're besties nigga triumph
Oh
[Music]
oh there's player customization are you
kidding me dog oh that's sick I didn't
know that I'm sorry don't be sorry
that's fucking dope cool I did not
realize that that's so cool digging it
oh man there's not a whole lot of
options but that's okay oh wait oh it's
just a hair colors here
kind of like that is their facial hair
so all this is on your chest
I see gotcha
what is this oh shit
[Music]
that's pretty much garel if we just go
up to the white who make garel
[Music]
know what kind of hair to go with maybe
I feel like just go with this honestly
about color though
[Music]
did we do girl come to just make Carol
the daily fit too long I know I agree
it's a Matthew Sam thank you
oh we do have a baby fuck it
red let's look at red
[Music]
like that it doesn't look bad
there's no reason to make him like all
like crazy and I'm a with a white hair
and shit
I feel like Reds fine this is fine
this is good we're good this is fine I
like this do we want to change this at
all
I do I really like the colors here away
in the red look I like that
no gross you can be a grill but we
picked a guy before so you can be a
female don't worry that is an option I
think this is fine I think we're I think
we're good I think we're nice and hunky
[Music]
like you are mixed Quiggins by the way
lucky them you're right JJ from the
eastern belt huh you don't say you've
got sauce from the eastern belt very
trusting here by the way I mean weak
weak friend owe money to Venus of the
Thieves Guild oh he's mighty angry at us
we should journey to my approach
together to appease them something
called my temper
although I come to think of return
rather busy
Malik lips eyes over a pretty traitor
hiking up the road so uh it'd be best if
you get too cold and I need you that let
us learn what sort you are fuck strong
clever wise
I have bad his circumstances under which
you come here put the lie to that I have
bad history with I'm representing in
this game all the first girls
you answer a competition of strength at
a fair gold prize is available to the
winner in the first round of the
competition your opponent is diminutive
rolling in a half leg from a traveling
troupe of acrobats
[Music]
fuck these dice are another small game
embedded in our game okay so you say
it's a mini game it's smart its severe
ten oh okay yeah oh god they're gone
oh yeah no he found a victory you are
learning I am thanks Roland is no match
for your strength he gives a
disappointed backflip off the table and
collects his meager winnings and
cartwheels out the door
you take your reward from the purser on
the way out at the tavern when you
return you will compete in the next
round the larger brands okay so if I get
that card again I go up against the next
opponent that's cool let's do the roads
have become even more deadly since the
empire has come to power
despite their promises of the opposite
the road ahead is blocked by an
overturned carriage and a woman calling
for help please help she cries
I've been robbed by a band of thugs is
there anything you can do you know I bet
this is a trap the typical Hey look at
me I'm in trouble and then I go to help
and bam get robbed
have you played the first one hell yeah
play the first and the game was this
shit I'll do it ah what you've rigged
them wait I could read roll the dice oh
yeah
[Music]
that's waited you waited that shit the
dice are fair bullshit and thus you have
lost this round
you liar thank you now if you'd be so
kind as to give me all your code the one
draws a pair of concealed blades from a
corset come on boys
I was right you have no time to react
sees a group of bandits spring from
hiding can't even I couldn't even switch
to my sword
there take my sword
well see what we can do hello Joan oh my
okay this might be a problem okay can
you stop flipping shit actually it's not
as bad as I thought they just slip after
like every like few hits I think I
wasn't so bad okay I thought I couldn't
actually block him either the axe works
out it's fine with the thugs defeated
you search their bodies for valuables
[Music]
can I please not have bullshit luck here
Thanks you find some food amongst their
possessions Thanks
can I beat up the lady for lying and
being a thief as well celebration is an
eighth of what you see how quickly the
actions of the u s-- uh para turned into
tales for children nearing the sleepy
hamlet of goal which you find the
villagers in the midst of some kind of
celebration much of the activity
concerns a large paper and wood statue
depicting a fearsome warrior looming
triumphantly over a grown lizard Minh
hey what's going on a friendly stable
hand explains in a bygone age our
Tamara's Pichette boy Hoffman have lists
no words no food no respite salvation
came in the form of a nameless warrior
you hunted the beasts friend it's more
than a handful of coins and a crush the
bread he smiles warmly at the
festivities we honor the worry about
this search history with food in corn
and we take turns smashes to bits for
the club no welcome to join us you may
keep whatever falls out the brain and
statue are winding their way into town
and almost out of sight follow the
parade the parade ends in the town
square you watch as the villagers take
turns smashing the statue of the club
and gathering the food and gold that
spill out illegal notices a local notice
is your interest in s if you'd like a
turn yeah sure
oh okay we could get the high success
this one I don't know how anymore I felt
confident for a second
it feels like it's one of these two
though feelings one of these two shit I
know trust me I remember the whole
watching the cards thing and all that
shit but I'm gonna think I'm gonna pick
two that's what I felt then my gut I'm
gonna go with my gut instinct
I fucking hate everything about but oh
my god this is literally a three for
three situation holy fucking shit
[Music]
dude fuck my gut dude I'm not no good my
kid sucks come on dude you wield the
club with all your strength however the
blindfold affects your balance and you
bring your weapon down on your foot now
I gotta see how much I bust my own foot
open four five banks engulfed in shame
you'll leave the town to their
celebrations and hope no tales are told
of this day today remember the first
time we play this game I had like a pole
system and everything there was a pole
system in Gwent they had a there was
like a beta
I've seen some streams have it where you
can like pick the card when they're like
drafting and stuff like that and I
wanted it so bad and it would be perfect
for this game but I don't have access to
it and I'm sad Thank You wolf girl
smells it there and Exia appreciate it
guys
it's gonna absolute on having give it to
you I fucking wait okay I'm gonna check
this water is a symbol for the many
thoughts that churn beneath the surface
what is it you're thinking of what
concern is worrying at your mind why are
they falling to the waters beneath
okay thanks fire dragon so here is
Maxima six maybe that's what's which in
the church integration is no that's
that's something different
I think switch integration is uh you
guys well actually maybe it is but there
was something on Twitch itself I don't
know though we'll see what we'll see the
actual hand let me let me bring up what
it says on the email when they're
talking about switch integration they
mentioned it before
oh they actually send me emails 23
minutes ago hey watching your stream now
and heard the audience asking with a
twitch integration will have it
available for you come launch day I wish
time would like you to be the first to
have an integration hidden features
unlocked by a dev ah there's hidden
features and the Devas here sick thank
you I don't know if you're still here
listening that's cool fun world firsts
what's our I what they said the actual
social integration features were though
is where does it say here we go will
allow your audience to vote on which
cards you should select the choice is
still yours but it gives you though how
many vote for which card and you can
influence the game somehow I don't know
how that's kind of neat I dig that
and then there's hidden features that
devs can do interesting
interesting well trosset what if they
hack my game like in a cluster truck if
you remember those streams
I remember those streams they're gonna
hang while crossing a stone bridge you
suddenly find yourself confronted by a
villainous band you should see you could
stand and fight the fiends or throw
yourself to the mercy of the river below
screw that shit you ready your weapon
four of blight Stooges for blight dudes
oh yeah I haven't tried bashing yet - I
should try that bashing us but the B
button or circle if he use a PlayStation
controller oh they're little Zambos
while they're adorable
inflicted the first touches of
corruption beer bring forth the darkest
elements of their victims infected
enemies are feeble causing them to
become knocked down when health is low
use a finisher before they recover okay
I see
that's my bash by the way
[Music]
holy shit I'm a badass get off my bridge
having spilled your enemy's blood you
search the bodies for anything useful
I got equipment easy simple defense you
can do better
given time oh yeah absolutely but I got
a shield I can sell it I think I go over
cuz I have a two-handed weapon so
shields pretty useless to me right now
so I want to check this now I will go
back fitting here we come to the end of
the beginning
running errands for mages this will
become a theme I dare say I bet it says
several bones of this game where is my
early copy control this shit
big jack Zilla attacks by the way change
game why you arrived at my abridge as
the Sun begins to dip below the horizon
you find Mel Eclipse perusing a
selection of cheeses by the market well
if it isn't my good friend avenge avenge
your honor did you bring the cold venus
has arranged to meet at the grave cot
yeah you wonder whether this spot was
chosen for its seclusion or for easy
body disposal famous greet smell eclipse
the slight grin looks like you turned up
after huh
and with an Aggie until we had our
doubts you now
bigness cracks his knuckles and giggles
man that man eclipse it's me once you
stop me from cutting off your head today
you reveal your gold as Melek lips
scroungers his pockets for some to the
heavy satchel of riches lands at
Magnus's feets with a thud that echoes
through the sounds of the cemetery now
talk till dawn while eclipse ends worry
hobbyists in his voice no need for any
further troubles I'm sorry man
Venus grins you should have known the
kid was never gonna let you pay with
cash stolen from a members of than the
first place
I say compression let's not waste a
compression got everyone that silly look
at this bad man it's a flamethrower boy
Wow
treacherous and greedy a dangerous
combination anarchists throw flaming
bombs that cause fire damage your armor
is no use here my armors so no used to
this damage
well that while I deal with these kill
him good job you get over here
[Music]
the killing
last time I was here was before the
hurricane you good yeah I'm good
well eclipses scratches Mel eclipses
scratches his chin thoughtfully
it seems you go to with some Jews why
can't I read today then it seems you
could do with someone savvy to help you
navigate these tricky matters of
diplomacy like maybe giving everyone
wasn't the best idea
come let's just discuss our partnership
over a nail or two i got a token just
one because i fell some other stuff well
done you have cleared the first
challenge and now we can move on to the
next cardinal blade and Bastian
for those who know what's happening
these are further cards to add to the
deck market thief tarts pies and exotic
lies fork in the road and armwrestling
so these are further event guards to add
to the deck what's upcoming resin and
put I'd prefer to Malick lips so these
are two of his guards it seems
interesting also he looks a lot more
fucked up than generous challenges I
together we will traverse 22 pounds of
wisdom and despair oma in the hope of
awakening oh dear I go and just fulfil
definitely put in the ones with tokens
because they'll give us more stuff I do
wanted to the armor someone again to
let's throw in about this one I know
this is yet it's still unknown working
the right is also yeah any equipment
just okay yeah these are just extra
cards you added into the deck and it's
all shuffle and randomized it's really
cool I really like the concept
just enjoy it also there's a recommended
if you don't want to do all that crap
that I just did you can just have the
game oughta do it for you it's all good
Gucci it's fine if I remember correctly
sodapoppin really liked this game too
I hope he knows that this game exists
come again soon starting it
a casual call to heroism how many
adventures Star Plus
the magician
for 100 years I have thought about
nothing but the game I was defeated but
it's true
I became complacent long before then I
thought I knew everything about the game
and what it can be now you see before
you the extent of my research I have
crafted this game a new are damn
everything's at the last line you can
just think of him talking about Triple H
from the world wrestling federation /
world wrestling entertainment of the
fuck he call it like he's just obsessed
because he lost a fucking wrestling
match against Triple H it's amazing I'm
sorry I haven't done sense of humor
today I apologize
your conversation with a fur trader is
interrupted as mal eclipse arrives in a
flurry the whisper speak of travel at
the edge of the Empire the terror of
west wind is suffering against deployed
that's his new voice by the way yeah
what what's that what mace is special
Worf travel flooding escape the
oppression the employer westward gave me
more freedom you wanted to pretend a
favor okay cool um well what about that
Empire protection a small garish is made
to be projected to jail but apparently
there are only the dead miss you would
drop okay now where is that west wind
sits the outside edge of the Empire or
the own part and prefer focuses on the
capital its noble and merchants Nobles
I'm sorry
plural their emergence those the fridges
are neglected are shit of marzan bike
man ian-sue shit it's a fucking party
what up gentlemen
yeah how you all be today well that's
enough for now thanks yeah let's head
west winds you return to the markets and
ask if any traders head into west wind
might need an escort
there are three options a stonemason a
food wagon or a weaponsmith I'm feeling
that weaponsmith you arrange an
uncomfortable ride jammed in among the
many tools of weaponsmith headed far
west and I get our lesson it indicates
the truth of old directions okay
I can riposte can repost between an
enemy combo attacks additional defense
okay I feel I'm feeling it
we'll go with one hand at this time you
arrive at the town of West when to
defend to the town you'll need to locate
as many Empire soldiers as you can
before the blight invades
the Empire reaches too far the North has
gone from a loose collection of tribes
to something to truly fear you find some
Imperial soldiers strung up by northers
I'll fight to free them you ran in your
weapon let us see if the mange can help
you here we might gonna have a buddy
helping me
what just happened did he say ah he's no
help here today
meet a magician a gesture in a vagabond
when activated Mel eclipse cast a
protective spell on you that can block a
single hit no shit
that's cool if nothing else ow okay well
given my best we had a good run holy
crap they did really hard okay I can
block rat attacks
holy shit I'm actually getting this shit
right now
I wanted to feel the actual effects of
being locked
not really working that was sweet
all right well I'm done to have help
already that's not a good start but it's
fine it's fine you know
then I got equipment ah I have the
shield in more ways than one
okay against crafted defend causes 30%
of her weapon damage to attackers so
that's pretty lucky we got a good sword
and border off the bat and they gave us
a health potion okay we're fine
well the Nora is dead you free the
soldiers and gain two recruits wait what
are they gonna be in the fight with me
too
I'm wrestling okay so the first run we
went through we got we beat the little
halfling guy right now we got to be the
story I think that's what it said
the carnival's strength travels from
village to hamlet searching for the
strongest from all over the land each
visits you will wrestle only one
opponent each win advances you to the
great opponents and greater rewards in
the second round of the competition you
should publish it over the edge frame of
hunt early toothless he boasts about
what's being a shallots are for the
Thieves Guild alright so now I got a
beat at 12
[Music]
Lu
underly crumbles who defeats almost
instantly crumbling money you take your
award from the patchwork a purse I'm
sorry all the way heart of the tavern
when you return you all be completed
next round for a larger prize
Elya banana miss thank you as was as
this night
your supplies are running low no the
horses carefully I only have two foods
you need food to move by the way in case
you didn't know for the record this game
is not out yet it's comes out why can't
cry read I don't fucking know
yeah it comes out in the seventh you
arrive at the city markets to meet the
MAL eclipse is a mountain club's
associate you've confined to you Wow
can I talk am I so bad at talking why
this inept
shit you find him sitting on a blankets
by the sewer gates you can't tell
whether he's a Gobbo a humo or a Manomet
pile of greasy rags a few wilted daisies
and duck weed tied with rope and flopped
on the ground around him mark
Malek lips calls to the creature arms
outstretched why her favorite ice cream
why not some friend the greasy Goblin
man raises a hand to stop the bards
prattle ten gold first
eclipse looks at you expectantly fine
alkyl steps forwards as merc counts the
coins radical beat the bard looks
furtively round before waved quickly
waving at his shoulder not required help
in removing a shuttin irish mark
considers melt clips for a while that
kind of information cowboy that a few
coins use splutter indignantly a lot of
quietest of skill from him he turns and
points at you pick a flower and eat it
the greasy florist
displays his meager where's Mel eclipse
nods as if this were a faint request
well I feel like these are badge does
this my pen bad I don't even know
anything about flowers can you eat
daisies I feel like Daisy might not be a
good idea I do like the color purple
that's a good call you're right the
flower is a crispy burnt texture Oh
fucking shit
this is gonna suck
[Music]
fuck these dice are weighted man come on
you feel an intense wave of heat emanate
from your stomach to your neck and you
collapse to the floor you wake up to
mouth lips splashing with water
america's left and you see him
attempting to steal a seed bun from the
bakers stall welcome back with a gem try
again so pretty much lost 10 gold for
nothing do britain flowers thomas
thrives in even the most unusual of
locations i can use food actually maybe
now we're out there and I think we're
fine I were kind of Okuma to get its
merchants ring reveal shops at the start
of each new map is it worth 8 though no
see
I might actually let's sell equipment
nevermind
how much is food here okay
[Music]
it's just in case we'll buy Oh buy some
more food
just in case I don't know if it goes in
if it advances more you know oh shit
this shit changed
oh man would have been dope well I can't
actually get this if I wanted to I just
have to sell my weapon
yeah
[Music]
I kind of want to know
is it worth it probably not
do I want it though yes it's not worth
it it's not let's just the signal we got
we're fine we're fine you're fine
we'll get that stuff another time here
we begin to see one of the small ways
I've changed the game each challenge
differs both in their rules and their
objectives 11 those cards which were
once the stairs now very per challenge
as you will see interesting okay fair
enough
the West one tower bell chimes
feverishly the town crier bellows
there's corrupting inside the town they
broke through the sewers and Minton
Lewis name allows Lane I don't know how
to say that name I've raced soldiers
have gone down there to sort out you
arrived to find west winds few remaining
soldiers huddled at the entrance to its
poorest area the low Lois Lane
we cannot let the corruption spread for
the good of time we must dispose of
anyone who has been tainted even a
little okay you join in the fight
against the corrupt so I also got two
recruits I don't know if they join me or
not I'm not too sure how this works yet
we'll see that's my shit I think they do
oh it's just not telling me about my
Cardinal blade for some reason okay well
yeah that's that's it
prepare for violence in every major
direction okay fair enough
[Music]
with the corrupted threats remove you've
ensured thoughthey soldiers survived teh
the town's defense I have six soldiers
recruited now I'm curious to see what
those mean
the soldiers help you scavenge what you
can from the remains of the parcels
taken by the corruption
I get to choose I mean y'all take this I
guess I'm not gonna use it I don't think
good thing I did buy that food though
nice let's go this way
no sir again I'm buy more food while I'm
here
buy his food actually wait
first we'll sell equipment
take my baby ants I don't eat it
thanks man kind of clover do you have a
turd help
and we'll buy that as well yes well that
may help you on the road ahead
probably and I will buy food we're done
it's you gold now freakin yeah they make
sure it's equipped it's okay we're good
I wouldn't already have it equipped
early if I hadn't got another one
already that would be embarrassing
I did
I think no I don't know I didn't know I
didn't know it I was oh don't worry
we're fine
we're not buying the eggs again Ratana
mmus the autonomous I said here already
but I'm singing to get thanks in my day
thieves kept their distance none would
pick pocketer mage for fear of failure
or worse success oh the market Bazaar is
a hive of activity traders from across
the lands call lads a passerby to sell
their wares as the Sun beats down on the
crowded street you pause briefly to draw
water from a fountain you feel something
tug on the inside of your tunic johnny
quickly discover a pickpocket making up
with some of your belongings well good
thing I just like to spend all my gold
that's fine you jump to your feet and
catch a glimpse of the thief as you they
leave with a crowd
okay well I have one very very small
chance of getting this
[Music]
the devs announced to really say yes it
comes down the seventh fuck
I have missed every single card pic so
far in this game
and I've each time I've always had a 104
chance right I'm sorry
nothing sorry a 3 of 4 shot of getting
him so at a 75% chance of getting each
time this time I have a 25% chance
[Music]
I'm gonna go with four oh my god I got
it I I don't understand okay I have like
no luck on the easy one and then block
on the heart I don't get it I don't
fucking get it dude whatever the fuck
the thief is nimble but you managed to
gain on them as they negotiate the crowd
with the thief almost at arm's reach
they knock over a barrel of apples and
an attempt to hinder you oh fuck oh now
come on
I think it's too
[Music]
I'm gonna try to do it
it had a shot she's gone three instead
of three the apple rolls across the
ground in front of you and you lose your
political in squalor in your you gets
away and includes everything you just
sup opportunity journey your journey
through a forest is interrupted by an
inquisitive child are you searching for
the fairest fair my uncle says that they
used to walk these what's giving out
gifts I want to find one and ask for
lemon cake as they - off the pier under
of nearby log the child shouts back
remember if you make the forest book
it'd be a lemon cake in the other
direction an eerie song hangs in the air
you attempt to find its origin so I felt
this on the first ledger for more than
mere success in guys this time we got it
this time we're only gonna pick four
from now on for just seems to be the
safest bet you follow the song through
the thicket and stream until you find an
open Glade bathed in golden sunlight you
find an aged made her posture bent like
the boughs of a forest it has been
travelling test since I had
our voice is a whisper yet it's thunders
in your ears so she's got a lot of bass
you may visit me when you are in need
adventure this is yours now even if you
lose the challenge you have earned this
token Angela there works now your chance
presents itself at last stand in the
defense of the peasantry what noble
traits you display already but southwest
wind town oh it's a large bell tower
it used a signal but it used to signal
the day's end for workers in the mines
and surrounding fields but now it will
summon west winds defenders you wish to
some of the soldiers you have recruited
let's search for more recruits you
retreat from the tab bell tower and west
wind and search for more recruits ok
that's what those soldiers are for I
just think they got themselves into this
mess
I don't see why them should get them out
alright
you really suck to be that I know
alright some days I'm really not
terrible like a normal fucking human
being and then there's days like this
where I can't read anything it's the
worst
all right gentlemen
from the frozen darkness of the far
north they come
northerners can perform a combo attack
user posts with single-handed weapons
the deal extra damage immediately after
you know Fenton shampoos are post again
was it just bash I don't know hi frames
that didn't I frame Oh keep going
Oh God
nice hits well I don't really do very
hot that's okay
Thank You Barney to have a read off
Akari better I would lose
give me my soldiers
well the northerner is dead you freed
the soldiers and gained two recruits
nice they placed themselves in these
dire positions and then expect a hero to
come rescue them when things become too
much while patrolling the outskirts of
West when you hear the clash of steel
and the unmistakable grown over the
corrupted the infer you're invested see
I fucked up again your investigation
leads you to a distress no woman perched
on the roof of his carriage thank the
gods I was headed city with a Duke
Gilbert when we were ambushed my footmen
left me here to fight them off but the
brawlers now dispersed into the forest
the noble appears fearfully at the
treeline if you stay and protect me I
can I can pay you
I'm sorry I need to get soldiers you
rush into the forest and quickly
encounter squad of Empire soldiers
battling the corruptive that's what I'm
here for to get peace
Ares where Lecrae learns how to read you
fuckable wish hey it's showing you my
shield now I guess that as a hard limit
of only being able to do one of these
little animations to show new things for
its first time per battle and it's
always has something to show each time
so it's just like trying to get it to
everything yeah all right cool
holy shit a lot of bad dudes don't die
friends
luckily there really can slow thank God
nice job okay there is blood I was
wondering if there wasn't any blood
cuz I don't see blood there when you
think of sweet blood
my hero
thank you
[Music]
what's although the corrupted have been
vanquished no Empire soldiers remain the
wait did they all die ah man you
returned to the road and find only the
wreckage of the nobles carriage you had
bank Wise Ones did they die
oh man I'm always true those who feed
you with respect even I stand by this
rule and I have respect for you that's
true I agree with this you chance upon a
wooden crafts cart like wooden cart
overflowing with pears pies and many
items otherwise a wonderful smell
Melik lips shakes his head or al gesture
this why should never pay Stosh by the
wiles of women God's life they'll break
your heart maybe sous-chef shall never
touch there is dissention the old farmer
Hawks as where is the passerby Todd
spies and exotic fruits oh I'm poor
sorry bye
another chance to redeem yourself
let's see how you handle it this time
let's do it
as night cloaks west winds you can sense
the corruption rising from the shadows
all around you you survey any soldiers
you've managed to recruit you have
gathered a large group of soldiers to
defend that down here's something you
won't need anymore you must survive till
morning when Imperial reinforcements
will arrive every speech now fuck fuck
fuck you know what I'm straw pulling
this one I'm just gonna do it I'm gonna
straw pull this one that's what we're
gonna do today we're gonna straw pull it
this is this is actually a serious one
this is serious this is serious
one two three four we're just miserable
we're just gonna do it
there's no you do it there's gonna be no
fucking question
what is this thing do you shit okay I'll
go fuck just go ahead this is bullshit
it's fucking bullshit make sure you've
all got sharp or if you thinking guys
I'm for the same thing this is fuck man
with this burn check because it's not my
fault fulfill legendary clouds cause the
soup yeah you're fucking right
[Music]
alright looks like two is got the wind
so far I think she's gonna be it Brian
he cry thanks for the lapsim who wants
you for four years even leaving a crew
got me through some tough times all
elapsed let me know thank you very much
Brian all right I think we broke it
because it's literally at a standstill
it's literally broken stuck interesting
okay
okay - it is can't even read something
how you gonna do a speech freestyle
don't you worry for one to one you silly
[Music]
you're rousing speech imbues the
soldiers with confidence sincere allied
Empire deal more damage
come brethren we will beat them with our
weapons and such we will kill them with
weapons and such terror of West web as
the final vestiges of humanity our own
race at the terror ways use bash to pick
the terrace corrupted our undefeated
finish before regenerate charge
[Music]
I resumed doing anything they don't want
to get in the way that's sweet 101
a mighty creature of chaos felled by
your power does it satisfy you this
bloodshed marry those who destroy ever
once simple peasants going about their
day dickface ass cry Makayla laws
preparing for a game jam and how'd you
stop it to give some well-deserved love
oh hell yeah shit hope you doing a great
fucking time
Zoe game jams shit you very much feel
this is for you you voice actress you
check that
[Music]
the reinforcements will tell already
saved the magician returns to the deck
but now we only begin our stories of
fate and folly and magic do not think
I'm satisfied with this but at least we
have a place to begin yo so these are
medallions it pretty much like blue
boxes just same but they're not
I'm the last button hope you save the
lost boy he'll look very timid very
scared if we found the forest folks so
we have the old maiden she's very old
she is a maid in them she said we could
chill it or pad some
[Music]
as you play you will find more options
open to you
oh my should you find yourself blocked
or overly challenged take the time to
explore the ball unlucky cards will
choose the options you have not yet
considered notes breathe from the
diaphragm and you'll be even more kawaii
thanks cry eat wills Nagila loss shit
I'm really bad at breathing from the
diaphragm
oh fuck let's see
I can't do it I was so bad if anything
from the diaphragm I could never do it
dude thank you killer and so you came to
him every day better all right let's see
you let's uh let's see the Emperor let's
do the effort holy crap he looks like a
dork all right what do we get
let's always get the ones in the middle
metals of them we got them all let's get
the new ones of course that we don't
know we'll get all the ones that are
question marks still because we don't
know what they are
well we never finished that oh wait miss
these
yeah we know all these other ones but
I'm wrestling's great deep-water get
equipment from this this one will give
us a lot of money well we get them okay
so let's first see your ruby ring what
is this - we don't know don't know this
is good winners Bane's I remember the
one whose way for the first game
actually it was really good oh wait if
everything and we're good
sweet physically with these foes I place
before you these rules
I do not know truly if they will train
you for the challenges that Callos will
place in your way I have a feeling this
is gonna be pretty hard
of course we know how this part of the
story ends the Emperor's merely the face
on the throne behind him
the usurper pulls the strings the one
who sits upon the throne of life and
death has a great influence upon the
world their very soul permeated the
lands and fills the hearts of the people